hey man I'm Chris with bum cats and here
is a 3 funky very simple game called
2048 yes I feel like this is very close
to the style of threes but they did it
with tues so I guess it's a completely
different game you basically swipe
around and all the tiles will move in
that direction and then you just want to
get numbers touching each other and then
you combine them like that I got pretty
far on my best was 1468 and it took me a
really long time um there's something
hyper addictive about this like I never
got to play or I never picked up threes
but if this is the style of gameplay I
can see where the addiction comes from
and I don't even know man I like
multiples of three like I can be kind of
like number of Philae or whatever the
right phrase is um but tues are way more
easier like you can get nice and rain
Manning with tues just the the 2 4 8 16
32 64 128 and you got to go all the way
up to 2048 128 256 512 1024 2048 that
wasn't even that hard to get to mentally
but it's hard to get to in this tile
based game but free to pick up and I'm
just going to start spamming you will
lose eventually and sometimes it feels
like you can't lose but now eventually
oh my God look how bad I am like the
board is already getting jammed but
it'll start to get full and you'll start
to have to thank each move out and then
you'll make like Forks in the road
decisions to where you know your game
will never be the same again my best is
1468 and that was after like a nice like
uh I don't know I took me a long time to
get that far but scope this out for
yourself it is a little Cloney baloney
but I don't know it's just like a number
tile game so how
can you get I don't know tell me what
you think thanks for watching boom cats